---
title: 微软秋招二面实录（Software Engineer）
---

# 微软秋招二面实录（Software Engineer）

<script type="text/javascript" src="/include/head.js"></script>

微软，Software Engineer岗位，秋招正式批二面。（之前一面<a href="https://www.dywan.xyz/zone/202209/190001">链接</a>，之后三面<a href="https://www.dywan.xyz/zone/202209/270001">链接</a>）

## 岗位要求

### 职位名称

Software Engineer

### 职位描述

Software engineers (SWEs) work with teammates to solve problems and build innovative software solutions. You are passionate about customers and product quality, and you provide technical guidance to Program Managers as they consider user needs and product requirements. You will also be expected to demonstrate an ability to learn and adopt relevant new technologies, tools, methods and processes to leverage in your solutions.

As a SWE, you are dedicated to design, development and testing of next-generation software which will empower every person and organization on the planet to achieve more.

1、Applies engineering principles to solve complex problems through sound and creative engineering.

2、Quickly learns new engineering methods and incorporates them into his or her work processes.

3、Seeks feedback and applies internal or industry best practices to improve his or her technical solutions.

4、Demonstrates skill in time management and completing software projects in a cooperative team environment.

### 职位要求

1、Pursuing or have completed a bachelor's, master's or PhD degree in engineering, computer science or related field.

2、One year of programming experience in an object-oriented language.

3、Ability to demonstrate an understanding of computer science fundamentals, including data structures and algorithms.

## 面试实录

1、手撕代码：字符串（C++环境）

判断一个字符串是不是合法的IPv4字符串。

2、手撕代码：数组（C++环境）

寻找数字中的众数，也就是出现次数大于$\frac{1}{2}$的数。

---

<script type="text/javascript" src="/include/tail.js"></script>
